mount.ddi: add page (#11622)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/mount.ddi.md

> # mount.ddi
> 
> > This command is an alias of `systemd-dissect`.
> > More information: <https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/latest/systemd-dissect.html>.
> 
> - View documentation for the original command:
> 
> `tldr systemd-dissect`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# mount.ddi

> Mount Discoverable Disk Images.
> See `tldr systemd-dissect` for other commands relevant to DDIs.
> More information: <https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/latest/systemd-dissect.html>.

- Mount an OS image:

`mount.ddi {{path/to/image.raw}} {{/mnt/image}}`
```
